---
title: Renting Battle Pass - BlockForge Documentation
pageClass: content-page-class-general
---

# Renting a Staked Battle Pass

The Staked Diamond Battle Pass has the ability to be rented out to any Ethereum wallet. When a Diamond Battle Pass is staked, the Ethereum wallet will receive a Staked Diamond Battle Pass in return. This can be transfered and sold on secondary to another Ethereum wallet for a minimum of 7 Days. After 7 days, the original owner of the Diamond Battle Pass can retrieve the Staked Battle Pass from the renter by using the **Revoke** function via the **Dashboard** or [Deployed Smart Contract](https://etherscan.io).


<!-- ## Requirements

1. Own a minimum of 1 Battle Pass NFT.

1. The Battle Pass NFT must be staked. -->


## Utility of a Rented Battle Pass

The renter of a Staked Battle Pass aqcuires all of the utility as the original owner.

* The original owner receives 25% of the $FORGE tokens generated by the renter. The renter receives 75% of the tokens generated from using the Battle Pass.
* Generates Forge Tokens while active on the BlockForge Minecraft Server
* Use the Battle Pass to enable Battle Mode on a plot of land in-game and generate Forge tokens based on the rank.
* Resell the rented Battle Pass



## Minimum Renting Duration

The minimun renting duration of a Battle Pass is: `7 Days`

::: tip
The renter can choose to return the pass early or resell it. If the Battle Pass is resold, it does not alter the original duration of the rent.
When renting a Staked Battle Pass, check to see how long ago it was last rented out.
:::

<!--
* When you stake your pass, it is transferred to a staking contract and a new staked pass is minted to your Ethereum Address -->

<!-- * The staked pass can then be rented to other users -->
